c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Views\OrdersEditorView.g.cs
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.pdb
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.PubSubEvents.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Views\OrdersEditorView.baml
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.g.resources
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.dll
c:\users\sabbah\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CommandPrism\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop\obj\Debug\Commanding.Modules.Oder.Desktop.pdb
